c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\bin\Debug\NewDesignTool.exe
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\bin\Debug\NewDesignTool.pdb
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Content\About.baml
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.baml
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.baml
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Content\About.g.cs
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.g.cs
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.g.cs
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\NewDesignTool_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\NewDesignTool.g.resources
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\NewDesignTool.exe
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\NewDesignTool.pdb
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\New.baml
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\New.g.cs
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\ArrangeConditions.baml
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\BlockAndTrial.baml
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\DetermineVariables.baml
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\Open.baml
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\ResearchQuestion.baml
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\Save.baml
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\Templates.baml
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\ArrangeConditions.g.cs
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\BlockAndTrial.g.cs
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\DetermineVariables.g.cs
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\Open.g.cs
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\ResearchQuestion.g.cs
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\Save.g.cs
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\Templates.g.cs
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\RQ_list1.baml
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\RQ_list2.baml
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\RQ_list1.g.cs
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\RQ_list2.g.cs
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\RQ_list3.baml
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\RQ_list3.g.cs
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\NewDesignTool.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\DV.baml
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\IDV.baml
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\DV.g.cs
C:\Users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NewDesignTool\NewDesignTool\obj\Debug\Pages\IDV.g.cs
